README.md, before:

# MyShop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.0.1.

This Angular application is a book store that is relying on the Open Library API for data.
The project's stack consists of:

- Angular
- SCSS
- BEM
- Redux
- Open Library API

The app has the following pages:

- a home page
- a cart page
- a book page

The book page has a search feature with extensive filtering.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

changed name from my-shop to book-favorites

README.md, after:

# MyShop

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.0.1.

This Angular application is an app where you can save your wanted books, which relies on the Open Library API for data.
The project's stack consists of:

- Angular
- SCSS
- BEM
- Redux
- Open Library API

The app has the following pages:

- a home page
- a favorite page
- a book page

The book page has a search feature with extensive filtering.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
